# MINT Film Festival

The MINT Film Festival is an open source project that aims to create a mobile experience for the MINT Festival goers. 

# Installation

This project has been designed with the use of Expo and React Native. You will need Node.js to be installed in your machine to be able to run this project.

* Install the Expo CLI globally.

```javascript
npm install expo-cli --global
```

* Inside your project folder, install the project packages.
```javascript
expo install
```

`expo install` is a wrapper around npm and yarn to ensure that the version of the Expo SDK and React Native community packages that you install are compatible with your app. 

* Start a local server for your app.
```javascript
expo start
```

# Playing Around

To run the project before you deploy in your cellphone, install [Expo CLI](!https://expo.io/tools) on your device. Open the project by scanning the QR code generated by `expo start`.

You can also use Android Studio or Xcode to emulate the project.

## Android Studio

* Download the latest version of Android studio:
  https://developer.android.com/studio/install

* When the download is done, start the installation.

* In the installation wizard, click Next.

* Choose your IDE options, then finish the installation.

* In the `Welcome to Android studio` splash screen, click in Configure > AVD Manager.

* In the new window that will open, click on Create Virtual Device.

* Choose a device from the list. For example, Pixel 2.

* Click Next, then choose a system image (For example: Pie) and download it. 

* When that’s done, click finish and then continue the steps on the AVD popup by clicking Finish.

* Now, you should have a virtual machine available. Click on the play button under actions to open it.


# Contributing

* Fork the project's git repository.
* Click the Fork button on the upper right-hand side of the repository’s page.
* Clone the forked repository to your local system.
* Create a feature branch in which to place your changes.

`git checkout -b <new branch name>`
* Make your changes to the new branch.
* Commit the changes to the branch.
* Push the branch to Github.

`git push origin new-feature`
